Add `osu!mania 7K World Cup 2026: Finals Recap` news post (#14443)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2026/2026-02-24-osumania-7k-world-cup-2026-finals-recap.md

From this point onwards, China and Japan continued trading blows, with China focusing on long note picks whereas Japan dominated the rice category. The tables were turned when China picked [Kano - Daisy Blue](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2505157#mania/5515505) (LN5). Despite the score fluctuations throughout the map, Japan managed to get a rather narrow 4,770-point lead subsequently winning the first break point of the match. This lead was only extended by using the ace under their sleeves, [KOTOKO - Re-sublimity (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2505183#mania/5515575) (RC4). As it was expected of the chordjack pick, this was a fairly easy win for Japan pushing the scoreline to 5–2 in their favour. Worth mentioning that China was far from giving up as shown by ::{ flag=CN }:: [tyrcs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13026904)'s amazing 995,461 score.

> Even though China secured another point right afterward, Japan wasn't letting their lead slip away bringing the score up to 6–3. But as Japan ran out of rice picks, they would need to start relying on more risky maps as they tried securing their match point. So when their bet on the last rice pick backfired, with China winning by a very commanding 33,097-point lead, all bets were off. This eventually led to a 6–6 for both teams, not before China clutched the match by forcing a tiebreaker after winning [Camellia - GHOST GIRL CANNOT BE KILLED](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2505209#mania/5515656) (HB3) by a miniscule 4,408 margin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though China secured another point right afterward, Japan wasn't letting their lead slip away and brought the score up to 6–3. That said, Japan was running out of rice picks, and they would need to start relying on more risky maps to secure their match point. As such, when their bet on the last rice pick backfired, with China winning by a very commanding 33,097-point lead, all bets were off. This eventually led to a 6–6 tie when China clutched on [Camellia - GHOST GIRL CANNOT BE KILLED](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2505209#mania/5515656) (HB3) by a minuscule 4,408 margin, forcing the tiebreaker.
```
